Q1. What mean the interactive ?
A1: Interactive means when a system responds to user actions like clicks, inputs, or events.

Q2. What is a javascript ?
A2: JavaScript is an object-oriented programming language that makes web pages interactive. It can be used for both frontend and backend development.

Q3: What is let,const,var ?
A3: let => let is a block-scoped variable. It can be updated and cannot redeclared in the same scope.
    const => const is a also block-scoped variable. It cannot updated and can't redeclared in the same scope.
    var => var is a function-scoped variable. It can be updated and redeclared in the same scope.

Q4: What is a primitive and non-primitive ?
A4: Primitive =>Primitive data type are immutable.meaning their value canont be changed.Javascript has the 7 types of primitive data type (Number,String,Boolen,Undefine,
    Symbol,Null,Bigint).
    Non-Primitive => Non-Primitive data type are be changed.Javascript has the three type of non-primitive (Object,Array,Function).

Q5: What is a DataType and how many types of data ?
A5: DataType mens which type of the value or data call the data type. Example("India is No.1 country",1,true). so means we are use the double quotes("") this is string type 
    data and use the number so number type of data and use the true or false value this is call the boolen type of data. Javascript has the 7 type of data types (Number,String,
    Boolen,Undefine,Symbol,Null,Bigint). 

Q6: What is a Opreators ?
A6: An operator is a symbol that performs operations on values, such as calculations, comparisons, and logical decisions and javascript has 7 types of opreators.  
    1.Arithmetic 2.Assignment 3.Logical 4.Camparison 5.Ternary 6.Bitwise 7.TypeOprators

Q7: What is a Functions and How many types of functions ?
A7: A function is a reusable block of code used to perform a specific task. In JavaScript, common types include function declaration, function expression, arrow function, 
    anonymous function, and callback function.

Q8: What is DOM Manipulation ?
A8: DOM manipulation is the process of changing the content, structure, or style of a web page using JavaScript.